.TH gsad 8 "September 2019" "Greenbone Vulnerability Management" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
gsad \- Greenbone Security Assistant of the Greenbone Vulnerability Management
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgsad OPTIONS
\f1
.SH DESCRIPTION
Together, OpenVAS Scanner (openvassd(8)) and Greenbone Vulnerability Manager daemon (gvmd(8)) provide the core functionality of the Greenbone Vulnerability Management (GVM), with OpenVAS Scanner handling the actual scan process and Greenbone Vulnerability Manager daemon adding various management functionalities to handle and organise scan results.

The Greenbone Security Assistant Daemon (gsad) is a web application that connects to the Greenbone Vulnerability Manager to provide for a full-featured user interface for vulnerability management.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -f ", " --foreground
Run in foreground.
.TP
.BR --http-only
Serve HTTP only, without SSL.
.TP
.BR --listen=\fIADDRESS\fR
Listen on ADDRESS.
.TP
.BR --mlisten=\fIADDRESS\fR
Manager address.
.TP
.BR -p ", " --port=\fIPORT\fR
Listen on port number PORT.
.TP
.BR -m ", " --mport=\fIPORT\fR
Use manager port number PORT.
.TP
.BR -r ", " --rport=\fIPORT\fR
Redirect HTTP from port number PORT.
.TP
.BR --no-redirect
Don't redirect HTTP to HTTPS.
.TP
.BR -k ", " --ssl-private-key=\fIFILE\fR
Use FILE as the private key for HTTPS
.TP
.BR -c ", " --ssl-certificate=\fIFILE\fR
Use FILE as the certificate for HTTPS
.TP
.BR --do-chroot
Do chroot and drop privileges.
.TP
.BR --gnutls-priorities=\fIPRIORITIES\fR
GnuTLS priorities string.
.TP
.BR --dh-params=\fIFILE\fR
Diffie-Hellman parameters file for PFS support. Functional only with
Libmicrohttpd 0.9.35 and higher.
.TP
.BR --unix-socket=\fIFILE\fR
Listen for HTTP requests on the provided unix socket file.
.TP
.BR --munix-socket=\fIFILE\fR
Path to Manager unix socket.
.TP
.BR -v ", " --verbose
Print progress messages.
.TP
.BR -V ", " --version
Print version.
.TP
.BR --http-frame-opts=\fIFRAME-OPTS\fR
X-Frame-Options HTTP header. Defaults to "SAMEORIGIN".
.TP
.BR --http-csp=\fICSP\fR
Content-Security-Policy HTTP header. Defaults to "default-src 'self' 'unsafe-inline'; img-src 'self' blob:; frame-ancestors 'self'"
.TP
.BR --http-sts
Enable HTTP Strict-Tranport-Security header.
.TP
.BR --http-sts-max-age=\fImax-age\fR
max-age in seconds for HTTP Strict-Tranport-Security header.  Defaults to 31536000.
.TP
.BR --drop-privileges=\fIuser\fR
Drop privileges to <user>.
.TP
.BR --vendor-version=\fIstring\fR
Use string as version in interface.
.TP
.BR --secure-cookie
Use a secure cookie (implied when using HTTPS).
.TP
.BR --timeout=\fIminutes\fR
Minutes of user idle time before session expires. Defaults to 15 minutes.
.TP
.BR --client-watch-interval=\fInumber\fR
Check if client connection was closed every <number> seconds. 0 to disable. Defaults to 1.
.TP
.BR --debug-tls=\fInumber\fR
Enable TLS debugging at level.
.TP
.BR --ignore-x-real-ip
Do not use X-Real-IP to determine the client address.
.TP
.BR --per-ip-connection-limit=\fInumber\fR
Sets the maximum number of connections per ip. Use 0 for unlimited.
.TP
.BR --http-cors=\fICORS\fR
Set Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) allow origin http header.
.TP
.BR -? ", " --help
Show help.
.SH EXAMPLES
gsad

Start gsad with the default port configuration and listen on port 443 for HTTPS requests.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR openvas (8),
.BR gvmd (8),
.BR ospd-openvas (8)
.SH MORE INFORMATION
The canonical places where you will find more information about the Greenbone Vulnerability Manager are:

.RS
.UR https://community.greenbone.net
Community Portal
.UE
.br
.UR https://github.com/greenbone
Development Platform
.UE
.br
.UR https://www.greenbone.net
Greenbone Website
.UE
.RE

.SH COPYRIGHT
The Greenbone Security Assistant is released under the GNU GPL, version 2, or, at your option, any later version.
